All right.
So now we have all the nuts and bolts required for our, uh, for our test case to be executed, which
is going to be this code that we have written in our last section of this course, which is this guy,
this creating a test case required for the deep, deep eval.
So I'm going to go copy this entire code.
And I'm going to go put this over here.
I'm going to say creating a test case for deep eval.
And this is the place where we are going to be pasting this entire code.
And guess what?
Instead of the query with the context, we have got query with AI agent, and we're going to pass the
golden of input, which is still hold true because we have got the same golden, uh, data structure
as you can see over here.
We're going to have the questions.
We're going to have the expected answers and the tool calls.
So those are the things that we have to pass it over here.
So just go over here.
So uh sorry sorry for juggling around.
So for the test case, as you can see, uh, the agent, the query with the agent is going to return
us quite a lot of things, right?
It is going to give us the tool.
Let's see what it's going to return to return us the tool.
Tool input and tool output.
These are things which has been returned for us from this particular method.
And now I'm going to use these information while I'm actually going to create the expected outputs and
things.
So I'm going to go delete these things.
So based on the documentation over here you can see that we have got the tool calls.
So I'm going to say tool called is equal to.
Now we're going to say the tool calls which is going to be tool call.
So I'm going to call the class over here.
And on the name of the tool call we need to give the name of the tool that we are passing in.
Remember the name of the tool is going to be the tool that we have got.
And if you put a comma there, you see that this is something which is not there in the documentation.
You can also pass the input parameters.
And this input parameters is nothing but this tool input that we have got.
So I'm going to pass that tool input over here.
And if you just do control space, you see that we have got output as well.
So over here I can just say tool outputs.
You can actually pass reasons as well like reasoning as well, which is the log that was there as I
don't want to pass that in or complicate this code.
So I'm just going to leave this guy as it is.
Right.
So that is the information that we have to pass it over here.
And let me close the parentheses.
So this is going to be the tool called that we have got.
And also we need the expected tool.
So this expected tool is nothing but the golden dot.
Uh and I think we have written something called as tool called tools called.
Right.
So that is what we have given in the tool in the Golden.
So I'm going to pass that over here.
So we have got all these informations created for the test case.
The test case over here.
Like I think we need a comma there.
Yeah.
So so it has got the input.
It has got the tool calls and the expected uh tools.
Uh And now we can convert this to the Goldens and we can see how that works.
But guess what?
We have really not.
So we have only given the input.
We have not passed the actual so actual output.
So for the actual output we need to give the response coming from the AI agent itself.
And that's the reason why I wanted to return this response.
Probably I can just say response.
I'm going to return that as well.
And I'm going to say response.
And now I can pass the response over here.
Just the AI agent's response.
Right.
So I can pass that.
So now you see that input actual output tools called and expected tools.
These are the things which is required arguments for the metrics that you're going to measure.
The tool correction metrics like input actual output tools called and expected are tools.
So we have created all of these over here.
And now we just need to run this over here.
Uh there we go.
We got some problem.
What is this.
And it says the query agent is not defined.
I think we need we have not even executed this this code.
And if I run this, you will notice that this time it is going to run all the different test cases that
we have got like one by one, because we are running them in the for loop for us over here, and it
is going to create this, um, this for us on the, on the test case, on the data for us over here.
So if I just going to go to the data and if I try running it so you can see that it has got all the
details for us, like the input, uh, like the name as the ad number for this particular test.
And then it has got the input parameters and the output numbers coming up for us over here.
And similarly it is giving all the it is also creating all the details for us, like the subtract numbers
and the input parameters that we have passed in.
So every single thing that we are seeing over here is all formulated based on the tools that we have
called over here.
And then it is storing that value, and then it is preparing the test case for us over here.
The last operation that we have to do right now is to ensure that these test can be evaluated with the
tool collection metrics, which we are going to be doing in our next lecture.